DOC-2498: Improved color picker aria support. (#3490)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.5-release-notes.adoc

There <is one | are <number> known issue<s> in {productname} {release-version}.

== Known Issues

=== Screenreader on safari has poor consistency of announcing aria-label
// #TINY-11291 & #TINY-11430

> In Safari, when using a screen reader, the focus is incorrectly placed on the content of the input field instead of the input field itself. This behavior results in the screen reader not announcing the content of the `aria-label` associated with the input field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In Safari, when using a screen reader on the color picker, the focus is mistakenly placed on the content within the input field rather than the field itself. This causes the screen reader to bypass announcing the aria-label associated with the field.
```

> As a consequence, users relying on screen readers may not hear the intended description of the input field, leading to potential confusion or accessibility challenges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, users who rely on screen readers may not hear the intended description provided by the aria-label, potentially causing confusion or reducing accessibility. It is currently unknown whether this issue affects other input fields outside the color picker.
```

Author: Removed `It is currently unknown whether this issue affects other input fields outside the color picker.` from your suggestion as discussed @ArvinJ-H
